Update README for #128 (#130)
slackapi/bolt-python: README.md

## Making things happen

> Most of the app's functionality will be inside listener functions (the `fn` parameters above). These functions are called with a set of arguments. You can place the arguments in random order. Bolt resolves them by the keyword arguments' names. If you'd like to get all arguments in a single object, you can use `args`, a [`slack_bolt.kwargs_injection.Args`](https://github.com/slackapi/bolt-python/blob/main/slack_bolt/kwargs_injection/args.py) instance holding all available values in it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most of the app's functionality will be inside listener functions (the `fn` parameters above). These functions are called with a set of arguments, each of which can be used in any order. If you'd like to access arguments off of a single object, you can use `args`, an [`slack_bolt.kwargs_injection.Args`](https://github.com/slackapi/bolt-python/blob/main/slack_bolt/kwargs_injection/args.py) instance that contains all available arguments for that event.
```

Not a blocker; feel free to disregard if you think the above makes it less clear.

Author: Thanks!
